morris comments (#2)
yaq-project/yaq-protocol-publication: paper.tex

\yaq{} introduces a concept called ``Traits'' which are collections of related messages that are shared among multiple protocols.
Motors implement the ``has-position'' trait, which defines ``\texttt{set\_position}'', ``\texttt{get\_position}'', and ``\texttt{get\_units}''.
Sensors would implement the ``is-sensor'' trait which defines ``\texttt{get\_measured}'', ``\texttt{get\_channel\_names}'', and ``\texttt{get\_channel\_units}''.
Protocols which implement a trait must support all of the messages from the trait.
Importantly, specific protocols can also implement arbitrary additional messages that are not defined by any trait.

The first hardware interface barrier: Multiple incompatible interfaces are used to communicate with each component of the system.
\yaq{} provides a unified TCP/IP interface to all hardware peripherals based on the well-described Avro RPC protocol.
The trait system was introduced in pursuit of our primary goal of easing the client development process.
Clients can trust that protocols that implement a given trait will behave in similar ways.

> The standardized \yaq{} interface hides all interface complexity away from researchers and client-side scientific code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standardized \yaq{} interface presents the same set of interactions for client-side scientific code, simplifying the experience of using hardware.
```

Reviewer: Not sure I like the word "hide" here
